How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

- I helped me see the difference because the diff command is able to search for differences between two files, 
thus it can help us spot mistakes or typos in those files.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

- Having easy access to the entire history of a file helps us become better programmer because we can see and notice
all the changes that have been made, this way, one can follow all of the changes that have been made and what difference
did each one of them make.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions 
automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

- The cons of manually creating commits is that you have to be aware of when is the right time to make the commits, you have
to get used on how to do this effectively. The pros are that you can have a better control of what you're doing since you 
can commit anytime you want, plus each commit will have a comment on then, this makes it easier to see what changes are made
and the impact they have.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, 
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git allows several files in one commit because the change made to one file may have in impact on all the others linked
files in the repository.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

- git log shows the history of commits made, with their respective IDs and comments. Git diff is able to compare two versions
of a file in order to show its differences, including how many lines were added or deleted.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

- It makes me more comfortable with changes mainly because you can go back and forward on the commits, trying to find
the bug without actually worrying about breaking the code, since you can always go back to any commit you want.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

- I want to try using Git for my startup, mainly doing games, because I think Git will be able to help us achieve results
fasted and have better communication with the team.